feat: add experimental UV runtime support in manifest v0.4 (#158)
modelcontextprotocol/mcpb: examples/hello-world-uv/README.md

# Hello World UV Runtime Example

This example demonstrates a minimal MCP server using **UV runtime**.

## What is UV Runtime?

> UV runtime lets Claude Desktop automatically manage Python and dependencies for your extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UV runtime lets MCP clients manage Python and dependencies for your extension. The MCP client is responsible for the following:
```
